A form field element should have an id or name attribute
A form field element has neither an id nor a name attribute. This might prevent the browser from correctly autofilling the form.

To fix this issue, add a unique id or name attribute to a form field. This is not strictly needed, but still recommended even if you have an autocomplete attribute on the same element.

23 resources
Learn more: The form input element
Deprecated feature used
Unload event listeners are deprecated and will be removed.

1 source
_app-3064658b658be0bb.js:38
Learn more: Check the feature status page for more details.
Duplicate form field id in the same form
Multiple form field elements in the same form have the same id attribute value. This might prevent the browser from correctly autofilling the form.

To fix this issue, use unique id attribute values for each form field.

4 resources
Learn more: How does autofill work?
Incorrect use of <label for=FORM_ELEMENT>
The label's for attribute doesn't match any element id. This might prevent the browser from correctly autofilling the form and accessibility tools from working correctly.

To fix this issue, make sure the label's for attribute references the correct id of a form field.

1 resource
Learn more: The label elements
No label associated with a form field
A <label> isn't associated with a form field.

To fix this issue, nest the <input> in the <label> or provide a for attribute on the <label> that matches a form field id.

4 resources
Learn more: The label elements
Page layout may be unexpected due to Quirks Mode
One or more documents in this page is in Quirks Mode, which will render the affected document(s) with quirks incompatible with the current HTML and CSS specifications.

Quirks Mode exists mostly due to historical reasons. If this is not intentional, you can add or modify the DOCTYPE to be `<!DOCTYPE html>` to render the page in No Quirks Mode.

2 elements
Learn more: Document compatibility mode